---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E6: Evaluation Guidelines & Class Retrospective
date: 2021-12-14
---

<h3>Brief Description of my System</h3>
<p>I created a store selling Hello Kitty Squishmallows of different sizes and character styles.</p>

<h3>Bugs, Problems, or Features not Implemented</h3>
<p>I was able to successfully implement all the features as expected, and have not run into any bugs or problems.</p>

<h3>What I'm Most Proud Of</h3>
<p> I'm most proud of how far my assignment has come. Before I started Assignment 3 I wasn't sure how I would manage to implement all the features, but I was able to and I'm proud of how everything came together.</p>

<h3>Least Happy With</h3>
<p>I wish I had more time to work on the design of the website and working with the styles of the page, but I prioritzed the functions over the looks. </p>

<h3>Assignment 2 vs. Assignment 2</h3>
<p>This assignment involved a lot more thinking and reworking. It required me to look through my existing code and see what portions could be replaced or rewritten in a better way to implement the sessions/cookies.</p>

<h3>Addressing my Problems</h3>
<p>I first tried to not get too frustrated with the problem. I would pull out a piece of paper or an empty Word doc and try to explain or draw out what I wanted to implement. I recorded what I had and what portion wasn't working. I took a lot of time carefully thinking about what I wanted to execute and what I had so far.</p>

<h3>What Worked Well</h3>
<p>I think my overall plan worked out well. My final product is fairly similar to my original plan, so I'm glad that I was able to execute the ideas that I started off with.</p>

<h3>What Didn't Work Well</h3>
<p>My time management skills could have been better. I often spent too long overthinking one section of code. I would find myself writing huge chunks of code when the task could have been executed in a few lines of code.</p>

<h3>What I Learned</h3>
<p>I learned how to code more efficiently. I realized that more is not always better. Although ten lines of code may work for one task, that doesn't mean ten lines are necessary. If it can be written with one line, shorten the code and make it more efficient. I also learned to not overthink things. Don't become overwhelmed and just slow down to think about the task at hand and how you might want to implement it.</p>

<h3>What I'd Change</h3>
<p>Similar to what I mentioned in some of the other questions, I wish I didn't spend so much time overthinking one section. Whenever encountering a problem I would instead spend more time thinking about it instead of deleting and redoing the code right away. I would also not be afraid to delete things. It felt weird having to delete the code from Assignment 2 that I worked so hard on, but the new ways are much more efficient. </p>

<h3>Amount of Time Spent</h3>
<p>I spent 30% of my time thinking about how to do something, 20% writing code, and 50% testing and debugging.</p>

<h3>Team Breakdown</h3>
<p>I worked on this assignment alone.</p>

